date format everywhere -skip for now
mailgun sendpasswordresetmail --done
invoice of payment on razorpay and emailing
capturing payments
forget password0-test 
changephone change email

backend paginations
selecting ratecards
excel creations
excel data validations
importing from excel 
attatchments in mail for excels
downladable files
setting up required fields

change plan 
plan expiry
razorpay complete integrations


multiple payments reciept
crud
pdf
mail
paginations

1. Ad detail-- free and paid in total ads to be displayed in scheme 
2. remarks field in --other details
3. other charges multiple
4. other charges will be added to client payment details
5. additional taxes will be added in invoice 
6. hue default b/w
7. size in text will have max, words and length bredth will be chaged to words
8. premium multiple in text and single in display and display classified to be added in release order.
9. extra words column 
10. premium amount will be calculated only on paid ads only.
11. email id websie extra words can be multiple in premiums.
12. rate card type by default local
13. media house pull house multiple in directory, pull out choose drop down in rate card 
14. frequency will come along with pullout name in media house
15. frequency will be removed from rate card.
16. selected categoris will be freezed while created release order in rate card, and search will be for sub categories.
17. on selection of custom size, the dropdowns will not be visible
18. Total no. of paid ads will be displayed , editable, 
19. total no. of ads will be displayed only, total no. of paid ads will determine total no. of ads and , total no. of paid ads should be a multiple of scheme.
20. premium will come before discounts
21. gross amount needs not be displayed.
22. net amount will be defaulted  in client payment.
23. display and display classified , premium will be text field and in percentage. will be single.
24. premium will have always an option for indicating percentage or amount.
25. electronic scroll will be similar to text classified in release order and rate cards.
26. printing via google cloud.
27. preview of documents.
28. taxation will not be shown in release order document.


INVOICE.
1. media house name and edition of ad only from mediahouse,
2. client name, city , state, Address, GSTIN- dropdown (1. registered without composite, 2. composite registered, 3. unregistered)
    if unregistered- no gstin no.
    if registered - gstin number is to be flled compulsary.
3. Ad details- edition, pullout name if selected, do insertions, hue colour, categories, 
4. agency discount, publication discount,
5. if gstin
    IF AGENCY STATE= STATE STATE (SGST + CGST) - HALF HALF OF TOTAL TAX,
    IF AGENCY STATE!= STATE STATE (IGST)- FULL OF TAX)
    ADDITION CHARGES- BEFORE TAX- SAME DROPDOWN AS BEFORE AND TO BE FETHCHED FOR AUTO FILL UP IN
6. tax in Urd and Crd will be zero


User Profile
1. name - admin
2. designation editable

Firm Profile
1. Mobile - one more 
2. button for same email as user email in 
3. office Address 
4. Hint 
5. GSTIN - URD, RD, CRD.
6. Account name - same as company Name.

Directory
Media House-
1. Publication name to be compulsory and Organization Name to be mandatory. Organization name should have same as above.
2. Periodicly and remark and language to be shown in each pullout in print.
3. Air and Electronic will not have pullout name and periodicity- will have only language and a remark field.
4. Address is option , Edition and state is mandatory.
5. Scheduling will be not be shown by default.
6. in general Remark field.
7. GSTIN - to be compulsary.

Client-
1. Client name compulsory.
2. Company name to be option or a button to show same as above.
3. Category, Sub-Cateogry of client.
4. Address-optional , city state -mandatory.
5. Remark.
6. Incorporation Date optional.

Executive-
1. Executive name to be on Top.
2. company name to be removed, Organization name to be same as firm name by default.
3. mobile number number compulsary. , email to be optional.
4. Remark field.

RateCard
1. Words or lines to be selected and added in rate card and quanitity of words or lines to be filled in a textbox.
2. PullOut name me other
3. maximum words (not compulsory) will not be used so set by default it to zero.
4. validation of validity from rate card.
5. while creating release order from rate card validity to be check and pop-up to be shown with continue or escape and don't show me again option.
6. if validity is changed then go to pre save of the release order and reset the don't show me again.
7. time limit to have numeric validations.
8. extra words to be extra words/lines. 
9. covered to copy data from above.
10. Premium to be optional.
11. media house is always registered and tax is always calculated, gstin optional, bcz khi bharne wale ko nhi pta ho.
12. media house gstin field in invoice.
13. media house uniqueness - name + edition + client 

Release order - 
1. Edition needs to be auto complete.
2. GSTIN.
3. 
